assets/catalystmachines/26shingleroof1.prefab
  "m_name": "Shingle Roof 26°",
assets/catalystmachines/45shingleroof1.prefab
  "m_name": "Shingle Roof 45°",
assets/catalystmachines/drybean1.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/drybean26.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 26° Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/drybean45.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 45° Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/dryhalfwall.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer Half Wall",
assets/catalystmachines/drylacquerwall.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer Wall",
assets/catalystmachines/drypole1.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 1m Pole",
assets/catalystmachines/drypole2.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 2m Pole",
assets/catalystmachines/dryroof26.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 26° Roof Piece",
assets/catalystmachines/dryroof45.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 45° Roof Piece",
assets/catalystmachines/dryrooftop26.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 26° Roof Top",
assets/catalystmachines/dryrooftop45.prefab
  "m_name": "Dry Lacquer 45° Roof Top",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerbean1.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 2m Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerbean27.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 26° Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerbean45.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 45° Beam",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerhalfwall.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer Wall",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerpole1.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 1m Pole",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerpole2.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 2m Pole",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerroof26.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 26° Roof Piece",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerroof45.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 45° Roof Piece",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerrooftop26.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 26° Roof Top",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerrooftop45.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquer 45° Roof Top",
assets/catalystmachines/lacquerwall.prefab
  "m_name": "Lacquered Wall",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 4x2",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3-1x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 1x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3-2x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 2x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3arch.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 Arch",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3pillar.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 Pillar",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall3stair.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 2 Stairs",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 4x2",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4-1x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 1x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4-2x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 2x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4arch.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 Arch",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4pillar.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 Pillar",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall4stair.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 3 Stair",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 4x2",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5-1x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 1x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5-2x1.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 2x1",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5arch.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 Arch",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5pillar.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 Pillar",
assets/catalystmachines/stonewall5stair.prefab
  "m_name": "Stone Wall Type 4 Stairs",
