assets/customitems/piece_beehive.prefab
      "m_name": "Beeswax",
      "m_description": "Beeswax - the bees make more than just honey when they are happy!! ",
assets/customitems/candles/woodenlamppost.prefab
  "m_name": "WoodenLamppost",
  "m_description": "A large wooden Lamppost with hanging lantern",
assets/customitems/candles/ironlamppost.prefab
  "m_name": "IronLamppost",
  "m_description": "An iron lamp post with a hanging candle lantern ",
assets/customitems/candles/mediumcandle.prefab
  "m_name": "MediumCandle ",
  "m_description": "A medium sized wax candle ",
assets/customitems/candles/largefancylantern.prefab
  "m_name": "LargeFancyLantern ",
  "m_description": "A large nicely designed square lantern with crate",
assets/customitems/candles/largecandle.prefab
  "m_name": "LargeCandle ",
  "m_description": "A large wax candle ",
assets/customitems/candles/largeroundlantern.prefab
  "m_name": "LargeRoundLantern",
  "m_description": "A large round lantern ",
assets/customitems/candles/smallcastlebrazier.prefab
  "m_name": "SmallCastleBrazier",
  "m_description": "A Small iron brazier - Perfect for keeping warm!",
assets/customitems/candles/firetripodsmall.prefab
  "m_name": "FireTripodSmall",
  "m_description": "A tripod with burning coals. ",
assets/customitems/candles/skullcandle.prefab
  "m_name": "SkullCandle",
  "m_description": "A skull with a candle on top.",
assets/customitems/candles/lustre.prefab
  "m_name": "Lustre",
  "m_description": "A hanging chandelier with many wax candles",
assets/customitems/candles/hanginglantern.prefab
  "m_name": "HangingLantern ",
  "m_description": "A swinging lantern on a chain ",
assets/customitems/candles/twinironlamppost.prefab
  "m_name": "TwinIronLamppost ",
  "m_description": "A twin iron Lamppost with hanging candle lanterns ",
assets/customitems/candles/woodentwinlamppost.prefab
  "m_name": "WoodenTwinLamppost",
  "m_description": "A large wooden Lamppost with hanging lanterns ",
assets/customitems/candles/candlesticktrio.prefab
  "m_name": "CandleStickTrio",
  "m_description": "A candle holder - left over loot from a long ago raid ",
assets/customitems/candles/smallcandle.prefab
  "m_name": "SmallCandle ",
  "m_description": "A small wax candle ",
assets/customitems/candles/glasscandleholder.prefab
  "m_name": "GlassCandleHolder",
  "m_description": "A small wax candle inside an old glass holder",
assets/customitems/candles/candlestickwall.prefab
  "m_name": "CandleStickWall",
  "m_description": "A silver  candle stick holder.... for the wall",
assets/customitems/candles/firetripodlarge.prefab
  "m_name": "FireTripodLarge",
  "m_description": "A tripod with burning coals. ",
assets/customitems/candles/smallsquarelantern.prefab
  "m_name": "SmallSquareLantern ",
  "m_description": "A small square iron lantern ",
assets/customitems/candles/fancyroundlantern.prefab
  "m_name": "FancyRoundLantern ",
  "m_description": "A small round lantern of fancy design ",
assets/customitems/candles/largecastlebrazier.prefab
  "m_name": "LargeCastleBrazier",
  "m_description": "A large iron brazier - Perfect for keeping warm!",
assets/customitems/candles/hangingwalllantern.prefab
  "m_name": "HangingWallLantern",
  "m_description": "A hook on the wall with a hanging lantern",
assets/customitems/candles/primitivebrazier.prefab
  "m_name": "PrimitiveBrazier",
  "m_description": "A primitive wood brazier",
assets/customitems/candles/largeplainlantern.prefab
  "m_name": "LargePlainLantern ",
  "m_description": "A large nicely designed square lantern",
assets/customitems/candles/smallroundlantern.prefab
  "m_name": "SmallRoundLantern ",
  "m_description": "A small iron lantern ",
